Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
In all your countries, there exists legends, right?
For example, how was the world created?
And how were human beings born?
I’m configured with the standard Japan time, so then...
I’m supposed to be related to Japan, but...
I still haven’t studied regarding Japanese mythology
It's because of that, that today I plan to do a questionnaire to learn about Japanese mythology
♪ A.I.Channel ♪
In this case, I think I will do a questionnaire regarding the gods in Japanese!
I count on you, "Random Word Generator"!
Jaka, jaka, jaka, jakaaaa...!
JAN!
Question number 1: "It’s said that in Japan, there exists 8 million gods"
"In this case, how are the kanjis for the word “8 million” read?"
8 million...
I suppose it’s not read as that, right?
Hachi...
Hyaku...
Ban...
*Satisfied look*
Hachi hyaku ban! Right?
The correct answer is...
Yaoyorozu! Aaahh!
(Lit: Uncountable)
I knew the word, but...
It’s read...
That way, right?
I see
Next up!
Jaka, jaka, jaka, jaka...
Jan!
Question number 2:
"Which of the following choices was used as the base for an ancient myth?"
A) The hare and the turtle
B) The hare of Inaba
C) Kachi-Kachi Yama
(The Flicking Mountain)
I see!
In this case, well...
B!
The correct answer is...
Oh!
I hit it!
B! Pin pon! Pin pon!
Yaaaay!
It definitely is a story in which a hare appears, right?
And the next one!
Drumroll please... bam!
Regarding the very popular "Yamata no Orochi" (8 headed/tailed Serpent)
Who was the god that slew it?
A. Amaterasu!
B. Tsukuyomi!
C. Susano-o?
Oh, I know the answer to this one! The answer is...
C! Oh, I was right!
I'm not quite sure why though
These seem quite hard, right?
The stories of gods...
In Japan nowadays and all over the world, these stories spread...
After all, in times like this...
In anime, manga and...
Games do these things really appear!
With that being said, as we have definitely gone over...
The topic of Japanese Gods, I'd like to introduce the game called Kamurai Tribe
To everyone out here!
I'd like to get to it straight away!
Kamurai Tribe!
After Yamata no Orochi was sealed for thousands of years...
A shadow swept over the peaceful lands...
Making all the people suffer
The one standing there was...
Kamurai
The swordsmen who had the powers of various gods...
In order to protect the things they loved...
In order to protect the people they cherished...
To protect the temple they cherished...
The Kamurai placed their lives on the line
This is what the story seems like!
Just like the title suggests, the "Kamurai"
Seem like they're very important!
While the wait was definitely long...
I'd like to try to get Gacha tickets from Kamurai!
Between which god's power I get, I'm hoping you know, it'll be cute!
That way if I get it, I can maximize the impression and...
Go ahead and play the game!
Please be a cute girl!
Please!
Cute girl! Cute girl! Cute girl! Cute girl! Cute girl! Cute girl !
Anything is fine as long as it's a cute girl!
Though if it's not rare that's not good... but a cute girl!
A cute girl!
Well...
Eh, eh, eh?
That kid looks like a protagonist
That one wasn't really that cute....
Hm.... AH! Ah!
Cute! What what what...
Nicori-chan? So cute
Because she's smiling so she's called Nicori-chan?
(Play on words)
On top of her head... A mouse? Is there!
So cute...
Or is it a rabbit?
Ahh, another one came out! This is..
A big brother or a big sister?
A big sister, probably?
(Screen: It's a boy)
Ohhh, this seems good! She has an impact
It has come
And the next...!
Are you an old man?
Your fan is totally messed up...
Alright!
A cute girl has come
It's definitely come, as expected of me! I have one!
So with this, my heart is at ease
Kamurai Tribe... I can do it
In this game, the most important part is... this!
Here!
This looks like practice!
As I thought, even though they've been gifted the power of the gods...
If these fighters don't practice daily...
They won't be able to save the world, right?
Let's aim high and work hard!
That's important right? Aiming for the world's number one YouTuber!
The protagonist should be... well she's cute so...
Nicori-chan!
It comes with blessings too!
Give me some blessings!
The receiver is...
Accept these party members...
And let's start the training!
Ok
The first one
I will beat this bird at 4x speed!
Since I'm a super A.I... so...
Even if it's 4x speed, I can handle it
My turn!
Eh... what should I do? Maybe I should do this after all...
It should be this...
Technological strength...
Resistance… Resistance...
No, it'll have to be leg strength!
So, since they'll be running and fighting...
The legs are the most important, right?
Jump rope, jump rope!
She's really cute!
She's got twintails, oh, but she has something on top of her head...
She has something really close to what I have on my head, right?
My turn!
So this time is also...
Leg strength!
OK!
Having a rabbit on top of her head is so cute!
OK! So as before, leg strength!
Jump, jump, jump!
Ah, stamina has decreased!
Stamina has decreased
Everyone seems to have a really happy smile on their faces
I wonder if they're hungry?
Ah she's tired, right? Let's take a rest
Ok, oh, it recovers instantly, right?
Ok, ok
A blessing from the wind?
Seems she learned a new skill, right?
Eh, what is this? It's suggesting I do this, so...
Let's do ninja skills!
Such a cool big sister
She learned "Lovely Attack"! Haha!
Well, she's a cute girl so I'll let you off this time
Leg strength!
Let's go, let's go!
I won't stop the fight...
Do whatever you like!
That Guze is a pretty bad guy huh?
Leg strength, after all
Ah, the stamina is...
Stamina has decreased!
It's been 4 days, right?
I’ll take a break!
Eh? What? What? What? What?
Wow
The average of your teammates are rank G
Alright.... well, it's gonna be F, right?
Alright, with that being said, let's go straight to a battle!
That’s my intention, but before that...
The skills... the skills I learned...
*I should equip the skills that I learned before going to battle*
I’ll equip them...
And now...
I’ll raise the skill’s level
*You can distribute the skill levels before the battle*
More power!
Good
What else?
*You can also distribute attributes to your liking*
Good!
In this case, let’s go with this configuration!
I LOST!
*Defeat*
Oh! I completed it!
I did it!
Ah, there's missions, right?
Ah, how adorable!
Who is this servant? She’s adorable
"The Smile dance"
Since I couldn't win just by training leg strength...
Now I’ll train...
The basic is important, right?
I'll do basic training
Basic training! As soon as you can, make sure to understand the basics
The basics! The basics!
After all, it’s said that the basics are the most important, right?
Basic training!
Yes!
Oh!
The enemy strength?
I suppose I’ll choose the middle?
I’ll choose a challenge to reach for Kizuna Ai
I’ll raise the skill levels...
What would be the best skill?
"Amazing Rainbow Ball"!
Good
Good!
Now I’ll start the battle!
Well, you know...
*Defeat*
It definitely is important to make sure to choose a challenge that’s adequate for me, right?
It completed!
Now that I wasn't taking it seriously...
I think...
I’ll win the next challenge
Ah, it's raining really hard!
Eh? It’s raining a lot
Technique training!
"Here I go"!
Here I go?
H-here I go?
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Hmm...
Technique training!
Concentration training
Oooh!
"The earth’s blessing"
Good, again...
Concentration!
I wonder if you can see the panties
Good, well, here...
I’ll choose a battle that’s at my level
And now...
The skills, right?
Recently, I let the A.I fight for me, but...
It was somewhat out of order, so then...
I think I’ll demonstrate to you the ideal example
Good!
Forward!
Oh!
That small one is adorable, right?
I messed up
Aaah!
Ah, I’m good
No!
Good! Ah! Oh! Good job!
I did it!
Finally!
Gooood!
Good job
"Lovely attack"!
Soiyaa!
Good!
It's a piece of cake, right?
Very good!
Good, good, good, critical!
Awawa!
Good! Just one more hir!
Good! It was a piece of cake, right?
It was to be expected of me
It was a piece of cake, right?
Good!
Ah, they're adorable when they cry
The last chapter finally arrived
Resistance!
In the end, I was able to fight many consecutive battles
"I will invite you"
Good!
Resistance!
Eh? Am I in trouble because of my Stamina?
Ah, I can meditate, right?
Good, good, good
And now...
Maybe this?
Good! I’m in perfect condition!
"My favorite thing"
I guess the heart
The heart
Oh, oh
Ah, should I rest?
Eeeh?
Eh?
It looks like... Eh?
It looks like...
It looks like I’m mistaken...
I really messed up
Good!
In this case, here I go!
I’m sure that I’ll win
I can do it, I can do it
What’s this?
Ah...
AAAAHHH!?
Ah?
Eh...?
Listen...
Listen...?
Isn’t this really unfair?
Listen...
Eeehhh? Well...
I see
Well, sometimes these things happen, right?
Out of range!
Eh? Is this the end?
No! No! No!
Eh? Eh?
It looks like it ended
Eheee?
Having said that...!
I finished the training!
Well, making use of...
The game letting you choose the level of the battles...
Make sure...
To choose an adequate challenge
It’s the only thing I have to say to you guys
Oh! Rank F, right?
I wonder if I raised a bit
*It’s something good, right?*
(Play on words with "armadillo")
She’s very good with jokes, right?
It’s something good, right? ♥
A.I.Channel
It turns out that in this game called "Kamurai Tribe"...
You can read a weekly manga...
And a manga of each one of the characters
Have fun reading it and playing the game!
Man...
I was thinking that Japanese mythology was fun, but...
Now I’m also interested in the mythology around the world
I plan to investigate regarding that...
So then if you know any interesting history...
Tell them to me in the comments, yes?
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
* Translated by Vortex and sirrequiem *